APM Service Page public documentation update (#13760)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/visualization/service.md

**Note**: Tag any monitor with `service:<SERVICE_NAME>` to attach it to an APM service.

## Summary Cards

> The service page features summary cards with highlights on your service health. Easily spot potential faulty deployments, and click the card to view details or traces of the latest deployment, or view all deployments on this service. See new issues flagged on your service through our integration with [Error Tracking][9], where errors are automatically aggregated into issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service page features summary cards with highlights on your service health. Easily spot potential faulty deployments, click into the card to view details or traces of the latest deployment, or view all deployments on this service. See new issues flagged on your service through our integration with [Error Tracking][9], where errors are automatically aggregated into issues.
```

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/summary_cards.jpg" alt="Summary cards"  style="width:100%;">}}

> Our [Service Level Objectives (SLOs)][10] and [Incidents][11] summaries allow you to monitor the status of SLOs and ongoing incidents, so you can keep performance goals and top of mind. Click the cards to create a new SLO on the service or declare an incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [Service Level Objectives (SLOs)][10] and [Incidents][11] summaries allow you to monitor the status of SLOs and ongoing incidents, so that you can keep performance goals top of mind. Click the cards to create a new SLO on the service or declare an incident.
```

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/watchdog_insights.png" alt="Watchdog Insights"  style="width:70%;">}}

The [Watchdog Insights][8] carousel surfaces anomalies detected on specific tags, enabling you to drill down straight to the root cause of an issue. 

## Out-of-the-box graphs

Datadog provides out-of-the-box graphs for any given Service:

* Requests - Choose to display:
    *  The **Total amount of requests and errors**
    *  The amount of **Requests and errors per second**
* Latency -  Choose to display:
    *  The Avg/p75/p90/p95/p99/Max latency of your traced requests
    *  The **Latency distribution**	
    *  The **Apdex score** for web services; [learn more about Apdex][4]
* Error - Choose to display:
    * The **Total amount of errors**
    * The amount of **Errors per second**
    * The **% Error Rate**
* Dependency Map:

>     * The **Dependency Map** showing upstream and downstream services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The **Dependency Map** showing upstream and downstream services.
```

> * **Sub-services**: When there are multiple services involved, a fourth graph is available (in the same toggle option as the Dependency Map) that breaks down your **Total time spent**/**%of time spent**/**Avg time per request** of your service by *services* or *type*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Sub-services**: When there are multiple services involved, a fourth graph (in the same toggle option as the Dependency Map) breaks down your **Total time spent**/**%of time spent**/**Avg time per request** of your service by *services* or *type*. 
```

>     This represents the total/relative/average time spent by traces in downstream services from the current service to the other *services* or *type*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This represents the total, relative, and average time spent by traces in downstream services from the current service to the other *services* or *type*.
```

    
    **Note**: For services like *Postgres* or *Redis*, which are "final" operations that do not call other services, there is no sub-services graph.

> [Watchdog][8] performs automatic anomaly detection on the Requests, Latency, and Error graphs. If there is an anomaly detected, there will be an overlay on the graph and a Watchdog icon you can click for more details in a side panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Watchdog][8] performs automatic anomaly detection on the requests, latency, and error graphs. If an anomaly is detected, there will be an overlay on the graph and a Watchdog icon you can click for more details in a side panel.
```

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/out_of_the_box_graphs.jpg" alt="Out of the box service graphs"  style="width:10%;">}}

### Export

On the upper-right corner of each graph click on the arrow in order to export your graph into a pre-existing [dashboard][5]:

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/save_to_dashboard.png" alt="Save to dashboard" style="width:60%;">}}

## Resources

> See Requests, Latency, and Error graphs broken down by resource to identify problematic resources. Resources are particular actions for your services (typically individual endpoints or queries). Read more in [Getting Started with APM][1]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See requests, latency, and error graphs broken down by resource to identify problematic resources. Resources are particular actions for your services (typically individual endpoints or queries). Read more in [Getting Started with APM][1]. 
```

> Below, there’s a list of [resources][6] associated with your service. Sort the resources for this service by requests, latency, errors, and time, to identify areas of high traffic or potential trouble. Note that these metric columns are configurable (see image below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, there’s a list of [resources][6] associated with your service. Sort the resources for this service by requests, latency, errors, and time; to identify areas of high traffic or potential trouble. Note that these metric columns are configurable (see image below).
```

* **Errors**: Absolute amount of error for a given resource
* **Error Rate**: Percent of error for a given resource

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/resource_columns.png" alt="Resource columns"  style="width:40%;">}}

## Additional Tabs

### Deployments
A service configured with version tags will show versions in the Deployment tab. The version section shows all versions of the service that were active during the selected time interval, with active versions at the top.

By default you will see:
* The version names deployed for this service over the timeframe.
* The times at which traces that correspond to this version were first and last seen.
* An Error Types indicator, which shows how many types of errors appear in each version that did not appear in the immediately previous version.

    **Note**: This indicator shows errors that were not seen in traces from the previous version. It doesn’t mean that this version necessarily introduced these errors. Looking into new error types can be a great way to begin investigating errors.

* Requests per second.
* Error rate as a percentage of total requests.

> You can add columns to or remove columns from this overview table and your selections will be saved. The additional available columns are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add columns to or remove columns from this overview table, and your selections are saved. The additional available columns are:
```

> * Endpoints that are active in a version that were not in the previous version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Endpoints that are active in a version not in the previous version.
```

* Time active, showing the length of time from the first trace to the last trace sent to Datadog for that version.
* Total number of Requests.
* Total number of Errors.
* Latency measured by p50, p75, p90, p95, p99, or max.

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/deployments.png" alt="Deployments"  style="width:90%;">}}

> Read more about Deployments on the service page [here][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about Deployments on the [service page][12].
```

### Error Tracking

> View issues on your service, which are similar errors aggregated together to turn a noisy stream of errors into manageable issues, and help you assess the impact of your service’s errors. Read more about issues in [Error Tracking][9])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View issues on your service, which are similar errors aggregated together to turn a noisy stream of errors into manageable issues and help you assess the impact of your service’s errors. Read more about issues in [Error Tracking][9])
```

> This tab has overview graphs that show which resources have the most issues, and a list of the most common issues occurring in your service. Click on an issue in the list to see details in a side panel, including its stack trace, related code versions, and total error occurrences since inception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab has overview graphs that show which resources have the most issues and a list of the most common issues occurring in your service. Click on an issue in the list to see details in a side panel, including its stack trace, related code versions, and total error occurrences since inception.
```

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/error_tracking_side_panel.jpg" alt="Error Tracking tab"  style="width:90%;">}}

### Infrastructure
If your service is running on Kubernetes, you’ll see an Infrastructure tab on the Service Page. The live Kubernetes pods table shows you detailed information on your pods, such as if memory usage is close to its limit, and allows you to improve resource allocation by clearly seeing if provisioned compute resources exceed what’s required for optimal application performance. 

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/infra_pods.png" alt="Kubernetes Pods"  style="width:90%;">}}

> The Kubernetes metrics below show you a high level summary of your infrastructure health for the selected time period, including CPU, Memory, Network, and Disk metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes metrics below show you a high-level summary of your infrastructure health for the selected period, including CPU, Memory, Network, and Disk metrics.
```

Author: I think we should leave "time period" in there for clarity

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/infra_metrics.png" alt="Kubernetes Metrics"  style="width:90%;">}}

### Runtime Metrics
If runtime metrics are enabled in the tracing client, you’ll see a Runtime metrics tab corresponding to the runtime language of your service. Read more in [Runtime Metrics][13].

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/runtime_metrics.png" alt="Runtime Metrics"  style="width:90%;">}}

### Profiling

> If the [Continuous Profiler][14] is set up for your service, you’ll see a Profiling tab. Summary details like versions available and runtime language are at the top. Below, there are out-of-the-box profiling metrics by version, endpoint, and/or method to help you identify and debug resource-intensive methods. Click on any graph to view related traces, logs, and other data, or open a flame graph to inspect the code profile in more detail. Learn more about APM and the Continuous Profiler [here][15]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll see a Profiling tab if the [Continuous Profiler][14] is set up for your service. Summary details like versions available and runtime language are at the top. Below are out-of-the-box profiling metrics by version, endpoint, and method to help you identify and debug resource-intensive methods. Click on any graph to view related traces, logs, and other data, or open a flame graph to inspect the code profile. Learn more about APM and the Continuous Profiler [here][15]. 
```

{{< img src="tracing/visualization/service/profiler.jpg" alt="Profiling"  style="width:90%;">}}

### Traces

> VIew the list of traces associated with the service in the traces tab, which is already filtered on your service, environment, and operation name. Drill down to problematic spans using core [facets][16] such as status, resource, and error type. For more information, click a span to view a flame graph of its trace and more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the list of traces associated with the service in the traces tab, which is already filtered on your service, environment, and operation name. Drill down to problematic spans using core [facets][16] such as status, resource, and error type. For more information, click a span to view a flame graph of its trace and more details.
```
